# Another Entrance To Our World 



It was said afterwords that her death lingered in each new day's fog. It lingered like lullaby of past lives, it stayed on like a smell of loved one over the edges of the village where each day the sound of water thundered over every nearby houses, it was said she might as well have been right, a life like that, was it even worth living, it was said that her father had, after all, knew what she knew, knew it all and was after all proud, wasn't he. It was said on morning of this January a little girl of some seven years age jumped into this wide ice like river, made it solid red for few harrowing hours, it was said justice for this girl had already been done, that her poor suffering family was already dead. Her family was already lynched, dragged out for this debauchery and made to make an example with there own hot red blood, dried but present where the door of her house began. It was said had they knew she was coming they would have bothered with there settlement somewhere else, but she didn't minded all that, clean it up was all she requested. It was clean now, late in the morning when the village when the heat of the afternoon had began to already seep and though no body could be found, no blood could be seen, the smell of death by slaughter was evident if not to her, than those who walked past it, made there little children turn there gaze away from it. Yes, it was already late in the morning, her mother hadn't arrived still, and the taxi that brought her here just ran away with everything. Tentatively, she rang the door. 

The village of Karamchi had in it's flag an eye of a dragon embolden, it was red because it was communist though now the communist were dead and it was flying high in front of this building. It had a wire running bright and bare over bricks old and melted and every day kids and adults alike would come to test this machination that was a ring which would blare whenever they dared to press this button. Every day then there would be such blares, and after that you had to knock once, sometimes twice and only then would someone come. Many times you would be ignored either way. She knocked, once, twice, gently put her luggage--a simple briefcase though heavy it might be--and knocked again, and some minutes later there she was, an elderly, harrowed women, eyes as if picked by sticks upon her face, her mother asking where exactly she had been. 

"I wanted to come early, but you weren't present"

"what, I was always present"

"I wanted to come in January"

"why January"

"college ended, so I had nowhere to go either way"

It was as if now, those beads for eyes twitched with vague recognition, she staring back recollecting with vague thought those nights or days this daughter of hers said again and again how she was feeling now that college was ended, what she was gonna do now that college was about to end, would she help, would he pass on some aid--some money, some requests here and there--would she let her stay if she ever needed 

"I was not sure you were coming this early"

"I was late, by a week"

"okay okay don't scream at me" she let go for her to enter "i got it"

Inside it was still wet from floors getting cleaned hours ago, wet mud like water collected at the corner with buckets at the side, unfilled, the ceiling and the walls painted clean of grim and dirt till it felt like when it was first bought, clean fresh and empty of all people. 

"where is papa"

"he will come" she said from kitchen, the lighter bursting to burn the stove while on other hand she was measuring the tea powder "he is going to be late, it is his day off after all"

"why is he in the office if it's a day off"

"oh, you know how it is with men, either way Diya, tell me about yourself"

"so" she couldn't help but smile "I got an offer"

"what kind"

"a job, from Bangalore but it's remote work"

"that is nice"

"yes, it is offering me a good starting salery, and they said it would improve by half every two hours" 